Mmhmm, that's right.
Oh, so at the end of the bridge?
we had reached a point where we were unable to make a policy decision,
that's right.
so we must tell these guys to carry on.
Yeah, yeah, uh huh, you're right.
I couldn't keep still and I I didn't want him to tell them and I didn't had no appetite for food
The plane was super loud.
we really should have taken the train
umm, I don't know what you're talking about
oh God yes
that's the best one
yeah that's really awful
so like an hour out
get out of the house steven
huh that's very interesting
I'm from Dorchester, like twenty minutes from um
oh sweet
ah sweet
aha! That's the right one
ah, the wedding was absolutely splendid.
what school did you go to?
my dad's course mate was a fighter pilot!
that's awesome my dude
like what are your plans this weekend?
what year are you?
Have you explored Tufts campus yet?
The Human Interaction Lab at Tufts has some very awesome, rad members.
I'm super close to finishin my semester
I'll be applyin to a bunch of jobs beginin of next semester
what's up mah dude?
The career center has lifetime alumni advisers
I'm going to get the car serviced today
So what dorm are you livin in next semester?
I don't have a ffff f ing clue!
I mean imma child development major
praise the Lord! The sun is shinin outside!
But you don't tell the gofer anything, you just use him to keep all the nasty stuff away
What's up fam?
That party is going to be lit dude!
After that rad party, Justin was completely high!
Like the police had to take em back
Trevor Noah is so savage towards Trump
I'm gonna hang with the squad tonight
He's been salty all week long man
ohh that's what you meant
our last project was due last week
I've spent the entire weeking on this project
I have a ton of caffine in my system right now
did you really do that?
yeah so we were up like all night last night 
holy shit! Geez! That was insane
oh that's the typea kid he is honestly
I feel like that's isn't an honest description 
I kinda don't wanna talk about it right now
they're a little messy
aww, the baby's so cute
That's really cute
You look really cute
They are really settin an example right now
I think it would be best to settle down
you need to be good with sports to get into an ivy league college
he missed a third of the football season
I kinda don't understand what the problem here is.
I'll be back!
Would you mind keeping that low key?
The psych building at Tufts is really old
I've been lifting a lot this season
This college isn't first division
I see you been liftin a lot my friend
A lotta the times
uhhuh, we've been over this multiple times already.
Mmhmm, I completely understand
There are multiple innings in a cricket game.
They'll toss you in somewhere
Fighter pilots! I love em
I see'em playing every now and then
These arts and sciences students have to write a lot of essays.
Yeah, these are all the STEM people
sooo, what're you up to?
I have a stats class in the morning
comp sci is the most popular major now
He's a mech-e
cause I was like I won't make it the party
I haven;t smoked weed or pot in a while
gimme that joint
I'm livin in a quad next semester, or maybe even a suite
That's sweet!
your parents would definitely be pissed
Yeah, they're pretty chill
You wanna chill or hang for a bit?
That's dope.
I forgot what I was gonna say.
You've been doin some serious shit dude
I'm trynna be selected for the squash team
it's fine, I'll just do it on my own.
mmhmm, that's fine.
Ummm, I don't know what they're doing.
uh huh, that's right
Um I went home this weekend
I'm gonna wait till like,
so if there's a problem in the mixer
didn't need to be as loud as it was actually
the mixer did not work properly
mhm, I understand
did you write all that down?
so it's cool
em I don't know
uh-huh, I agree with your assessment
yah-yeah that's alright
hm let me think about that
I was going to fly to London the other day,
right,
but didn't end up going.
Uhuh, keep talking some more
That's great, I guess we're all done.
Mmm that doesn't sound too good.
I’ll pick it up from his place
Mm hm
at around 7 o’clock
You have to go two blocks
Mm hm
then turn left at the video store
Uh huh
It’s a few stores down on the right side
I see
You can’t miss it
He quit his job again
It’s going to be hard to find a new one
Yeah
He’ll have to apply
I got an A+ on my Chemistry test.
Fantastic!
I hope I can keep it up all semester.
John will likely be back in April.
Really.
Yeah, the government is reducing troops in the gulf.
I think he's having an affair
oh
But I don't care
well that sounded a bit harsh.
Mm. Obviously it’s not easy to eat er
ittle and often when you’re a busy man
driving around the country.
Yeah that’s true. Response
Mm. Right. 
But I mean there is availability there.
It’s just a matter of deciding where you want to go. And really how much you want to spend. But going out this weekend they start at one four nine.
Great. That’s brilliant.
I mean there's no rush.
she’s one of the job share but she’s, we couldn’t all get involved with dealing with them
Nah.
so she she does all the dealing and we she feeds back to us.
Oh, right.
And then we, we you know we have meetings and feed back to them sort of
the, yeah it’s dual.
That’s great.
It’s good, yeah. 
You know, I, I wouldn’t, couldn’t tell you if we sentenced someone tomorrow how long he’d actually be in jail.
Uh huh.
Could you?
No. Me either.
I couldn’t. And I think they kind of depend on that, these criminals.
Right, yeah, definitely.
What time are your other people coming, Janet?
Well the thing officially starts at two.
Oh right ooh gosh.
The Tupperware lady said she’d come about half one but as far as I’m concerned if she comes about half oneA:
Yeah. Oh sorry we’re early.
No no no I was only kidding.
Oh.
Oh it doesn’t matter. It’s nice having you here a bit earlier. 
Like she says when you start applying for jobs I’m gonna give you all these materials and when you start+
That’s wonderful.
I don’t know, whatever you reckon cos I’m picking them up about gone eleven or something.
Right.
It’s not like halfway through+
Wicked.
the evening.
Uh huh.
So maybe I could pick you up from work and+
Cool. Yeah.
go for some tea.
Ace. That would be really cool.
Ah yeah.
I’m defi—Yeah that’s fine for me.
Oh that’s good then.
Oh excellent.
I-I’m going
didn't need to be as loud
I went home
did you?
I had a ton of fun at the carnival
that was really cute
aw,
that's cute
how many of you are there?
the cars weren't that far apart.
they were more or less in each other's face
so is cool
I kinda don't believe in ghosts
one year apart
earm I dunno what you're talking about
there are various political movements within the country
uhhuh.
mhm
uh
I'll sit and talk with him
I really didn't think so
I di-, I didn't think so.
Somehow I had this feeling that th-, th-, the military taste had been beaten out of you.
oh do they?  
uh, uh, the the the main reason for that is I had not really anticipated a few expenses that recently came up .
oh wow.
oh, okay.
yup, yup. 
But um
hm
hmm
So, um, I found a .
oh wow, that's impressive
it's been a really slow day at work.    
He chugged four bottles of vodka before dying.
eh and not driven.
There was mostly worthless stuff in there
huh
nah yeah, it's good
I then had to go bike hunting and eventually get another bike, and
mm
umhm hum?
Ahh hah
ih hih!
Hih Hih
uh huh
mm hm
he he
ahahm
uhm
uh
ah
ehm
aha
ah huh
em
emm
humm
enm
enmnm
anmnmnmn
Feels like I’m interrogating you 
Can you
Can you hear me 
This is weird
Yeah this is weird
Um alright what do you wanna talk about
What are you doing this weekend 
I did not get what I wanted to get done yesterday
And my parents might be coming 
Because you know my the f my phone arrived
My laptop too
But oh in New York
We shall see 
But yeah it’s just a crazy weekend
Is cell bio hard
So like they’ll give you a pathway 
They’ll say like aright if I break this receptor what happens
Uh huh
If now I you know change
That’s kinda hard
Dang
And what what day is that one on 
So Wednesday Thursday
And wait wait when do you have what do you have for Bongra
Like we we have rehearsals 
We have our performance which you should come to either twenty third twenty fourth
I don’t even know what I’m doing is that a weekend
This weekend yeah
I should say twenty second twenty third is the performance
But yeah
Wait
I think that in the competitions and stuff twelve are allowed to dance
So um we kind of do like rotation
Wait competition
So you’d have to like um actually you’d be gonna be judged on how you dance and like scored and stuff
It’s not just collegiate teams you compete against 
There are literally people who do this for a living
Like you know how you have like Indian cultural centers
Yeah
That’s kinda crazy
It’s not your turn to sit out
There’s one on Friday and one on Saturday
My friend who I’m switching out with will do the other
Gotcha 
What how many freshmen are on the team
Two of them are sophomores though
Uh okay
So it’s five freshmen 
Oh gotcha gotcha
Do they still get more rank than you
We’re all about the same
Because if you think about it like each year the segment changes
Um you know what we the dances we do the moves we do each year changes
Even if you’re a returner the only advantage you have over someone else is like expertise in the moves 
A Banghra is made divided into segments 
You will have you know a slow segment
If you watch performance
Um and then
Then we also have like these giant like PVC pipe 
It’s like to just supposed to add color and loudness to the performance right
Yeah yeah
Um yeah
A typical dance is like eight eight minutes long
Usually it’s based around a single type of move
We also have one or two performance in the first semester
All the returners will usually dance the first fully with the previous years’ set and the newbies will learn like one or two segments from it
For first two performances 
So us in the new with the returners were on the same page
So um 
There was like something floating around
It’s alright
Where the returners have like the advantage is that um they’ve learned how to do the moves
And they’ve seen many of the same moves 
There’s only so many moves you can do
So they’ve all they’ve seen all the moves
It’s just remembering the chores
Wait how many times do you have to meet every week
We do so last semester we did two times a week for two hours so four hours total
Did you do you get a credit for it or no
Just a extracurricular
Gotcha
Especially if you have class the next day
And then it amps up
Yeah now we have three
Three days a week so six hours a week
Um in addition to
We’ve been like hosting practices for other people who want to do that
Like is it exercise
Oh yeah
Oh that’s good then
You’ll get to see all the South Asian teams 
It’s the South Asian culture show
Cuz like what other teams dance
We have uh I think we have four Indian dance teams and then of course all like the different combinatorial dances
We have like a freshman all all freshman on the team dance sophomore dance senior dance junior dance 
They kind of use like little stakes
It’s supposed to be based off one of our gods Krishna
The four main teams
It’s supposed to be you know hype but very cultural at the same time like
Indian classical dance
Which a lot of my friends and family members have grown up doing so I’ve had exposure but you know guys do it but typically they don’t do it
I never ended up doing it
This seems all girls but guys do do it
The four team is the Bollywood fusion team
Your name’s Tevin right 
Yeah and what
Ha yeah I know it’s all good me too 
Yeah like twenty minutes from here um
It’s like an inner city within Boston
It’s like near South Boston kind of 
Oh okay
I went to um Longmeadow high school
But uh I’m I’m in I’m livin in the house with him and a bunch of the baseball guys
Yeah I know Dev
Really
I should fucking know that
What what what year are you
You’re a senior
How you feeling about it
I mean I’m good
I mean there are kids like talking about the job search
I’m the type that just
I’ll be doing a lotta applying like next semester
Like that’s a must but
Do you have any ideas what you might wanna do
Oh okay
Did you really
We were up till like twelve
Geez
Just doing work yeah
On the reg
I mean I’m the same way but he I feel like he presents himself as like such a like
That’s I mean that’s how it is
They’re a little messy
I think I wanna be in a out of school setting
Tufts
Either football or basketball
And then I hurt my back
Did you get that in high school
In my senior year
It was during practice
So I was like
You have to do a sport each each season right
Other than like your senior or junior year
There’s a bunch of other kids 
That was my guy
Well he still is
We were both um new incoming freshmen 
Which is bad
You guys tried out for fall ball together
What is fall ball
Interact with us really too much
Um
We have the normal lifts three days a week
We played a nine inning inter team scrimmage
If you just wanted to show up
That’s kinda dope
They’ll toss you in somewhere
That’s cool
He’s a very like funny strange kid
Oh yeah you love him
No no
It’s cuz he like doesn’t go to school here
Do do you guys live 
I see him every now and then
Dewick
And it’s always like some ridiculous first comment
He’s wild
What’s uh what’s the rest of finals looking like
This test is Friday
Are you oh you’re not in this class
I’m in the the stat class
Oh there you go
I showed up an hour late
Am I gonna make it
That’s not bad yeah
I had four exams last week
I have a project that hopefully I will finish up today
Okay 
What’d you wanna talk about 
Well this is like prison you know the things they have in movies 
Yeah it's at first I like I did the thing where I didn't think the glass was actually there I was confused 
It looks like a mirror
It's kinda creepy 
It’s weird
Um
I do have math homework today  
Well it’s due today oh I have this really hard problem set  that I have no idea how to do and I’ve asked everybody I know who's good at math and that they can't do it either and so then Michelle and I were gonna go to office hours today which is why I told you I couldn’t come to breakfast 
And then the teacher was like not there and very and like we couldn’t find her but it’s due at six o'clock tonight so after this Yeah I have no idea how to do it and googling it didn't help    
How many more problems do you have to do  
Yeah I started writing my like three thousand word essay  
For English and I wrote a thousand words and realized that I have nothing else to say 
Oh that's problematic
What um what are you writing about 
We had to choose two op-eds about anything we wanted so I chose
Is this English one  
Yeah so I chose one it was actually mine were about the U. N. climate report some one was about um how 
Oh so it's like your mom again  
Wouldn’t you know one was like 
Uh-huh
Thats like a conflicting argument so where did you fall 
I ju-can't give an opinion it's like a writing about the arguments like just I have to write about which argument is presented better 
So which one is presented better   
The one that we might as well try  
I might be a little biased
Optimis- yeah probably
Oh
That's good so it's definitely arguable 
 I haveto do oh go ahead  
But I was just gonna say I'm just really bad at writing essays so 
you’re a third done how many pages is three thousand words  
So like nine ten
It’s- it’s a long essay 
It sucks  
We have to do
And we only had two days to read it was assigned Monday night
Oh really it's due Wednesday 
Well a rough draft is due Wednesday  
So it's gonna be like really rough  
Yes and I probably won't finish it like I'm not gonna be ableto do it tonight 
Oh that's true who are the red sox playing
Dodgers
Dodgers where are the Dodgers from  
I think  I hope that I'm not gonna get made fun of for getting that wrong  
Is your dad is your dad rooting the red Sox 
ish like none of us are like really into the Red Sox but it's like kind of like a weird like emotional attachment like I don't really watch them that much but I feel very like it's like my childhood kind of like I was very into that when I was a kid  
What changed 
really fiddling you should be like good at it because of your job 
Yeah I I need to like have something to play with my  
I play with like when I have a they're doing the like assigning thing I was playing with the pen 
Oh I have my keys I could just like trill that around 
It'd mess up the microphone 
I'd probably hit it  
Yeah the Red Sox how you’d no longer like them 
Oh no I still like them I just don't watch them as much  
Hm 
But it's like a ver- it's like the psych thing that we're that like emotionally like 
Psych thing 
Conditioned to it's like the same thing with the Yankees like
Oh cuz you're so mean to Frankie about it 
I'm not so mean she just deserves it because they're evil  
Frankie's a hard core fan  
You- you're just biased   
The nat's are really good  
The what  
Oh I have abaseball from one of their games in my room  
You- did you catch it 
Oh so would you rather go to the baseball games with your dad 
Do I always go to the baseball games withmy dad I mean like  
Well it sounds like it  
Oh I thought it was like a you and your dad thing  
No 
Um 
Yeah this is the first time I've gone to a game in a while though 
You went with Eli 
Yep but I mean a red Sox game  
Oh oh 
That was a really cool game that was did I tell you how I got yelled at by a drunk person  
No 
She was like walking around and she was like you're in my seat you're in fifteen 
Then
But it wasn't on you  
It wasn't on me  
Well she spilled beer on somebody it's sticky and gross
But that'd been worse if it was on you 
Was it weird with Eli 
What do you mean weird with Eli 
Cuz he's like I don't know for like whenever we'd sit with him during breakfast he never talks much so I don't know  
Oh no no he's nice I like him 
Oh 
How's your p- new printer 
I haven't used it at all yet  
No 
And his yeah and he's explained it twice and I still don't get it  
It's just confusing he's like you have to find the I. P. address and then pair it to your computer I'm like what 
Okay I can do it for you 
Okay I also can't get into my mailbox to get my absentee ballot like the like turning thing I ca-I like do the code and then it doesn't open 
Yeah you have to look at the camera 
No I was on TV last year and they told me like you don't look at the camera but I couldn't help but look at the camera  
Why were you on TV  
We were like I my team we did some practice and then so you have practice for like eight minutes before you run through your program for awhile 
And then they  you're still sick  
I'm not sick anymore I just have a cough 
One and the same but we're like finished practice iceand then like this TV woman like stop[ed me as I was getting off the ice and was like excuse me can I talk to you for a moment and I was like oh I thought I did something wrong  and then they just asked me a bunch of questions about skating and like what it meant to be on the team and everything  
What'd you say 
I'm gonna google the video it's gonna be on youtube  
Yeah it is it has a solid eight hundred views 
They'll be eight o one after tonight
I Bella my best friend from home randomly sent it to me and then and Michelle were in the room when she sent it to me and then I was like I started laughing hysterically cuz like this is ridiculous like why is she⌉ sending this to me  
And then they're like what what's wrong and then they pulled it up together and watched it  
It was very embarrassing 
I'm gonna watch her right after this on the walk back we're gonna watch it  
You definitely won't
No 
There's a there was an article written about me in the our like local um paper for tennis because me and my brother are doubles partners 
What's your brother's name  
Matt and Trevor the brother duo
Who's oh Isaih oh the eight year old  
Yeah but they like used they like quoted me 
Which was
It wasn't like bad quotes for this it's just weird out this like  Matthew said  and I was like that's like nice and well reported but like 
So they changed your own words
I didn't say that
What did they what did you just actually say in person I don't know I didn't really say a lot I was very uncomfortable being like interviewed and recorded  
It was like very stressful because they tried to like they're trying to get me to  say like 
Hm 
Cuz it could also like haunt you later like
Yeah I don't want something to  like it was like one I don't wanna
	 be mean but also I don't wanna like something st- like Matthew said like
Uh huh
It could be like grown ups have you seen grownups 
Okay it's like the scene where they have the basketball team and then they're all like in their forties they all come out of the () that could be a tennis game he had been talking poorly of them⌉  
Oh 
Well what did they say why were they mean 
I can't remember I just remember not liking them 
Oh well 
Who knows 
There's a kid on the tennis club tennis team here who's on the rival team mine in highschool  
And he was like the one kid that I didn't hate for the rest of were just like so meanand that was kind of awful 
Who was um cuz you went to Hanover high school or something  
It was Bedford 
Is that far or close  
Sorry it's really bothering me 
Um when I went to go tour Dartmouth I went to the King Arthur flour  
That's where I had my tufts interview
it was at is that place oh cuz there's like a little cafe in there 
I thought it was really cool cuz I really like baking and I was like this is so cool  
It's cool yeah I didn't go there as much though  
Yeah I wish I went there more wait where'd you stay in Hanover 
Hanover inn  
No I know that's where everybody else stayed there's like a brand new hotel it's like
Six South Street 
Was it in Hanover or was okay
Yeah no it was⌋
We got there at like eleven o'clock at night though so I was really grumpy and miserable  like I was I was hangry and so I was really mad at my mom I was like I hate traveling like why are you doing this and they went to some pizza place  
Ermeto's 
they had a f- I got free pizza there couple of times  
What did you do 
Like a whole piece of like it was a p-how bigger was it 
Like it was like a large pie that I sh-ared with my friends 
Well I was with my friends 
Oh  
Um I'm going to dinner with Cameron on Friday
I've alright picked out everything I want 
Wait that's not the place that we just passed was it 
No no it's somewhere in like you know there's a north end 
I don't know Boston at all but sure  
And there's like the south and then there's like it's not the south end but it's still on the water it's called seaport  
Southie 
Ok you get off at Haymarket and it's like a mile long walk
Eh okay well but you're going there for dinner 
Uh huh 
What kind of food is it  
Italian cuz Tuscan  but it's really really good like I've been looking at the things all day which has made me really hungry and then for lunch today I had leftover pesto pasta from the ben koto place I had a with my parents
I feel like going for Italian food while being vegetarian kinda sucks  
No it's just cheese and pasta and carbs 
Yeah but there's no meat like you need like protein in there 
No you doesn't cheese cheese is protein  
They can't get the is there a lot of protein in cheese 
There's a reasonable amount  I don't know what would you eat if you're a vegetarian  
I wouldn't be vegetarian I don't know  except I got guilted into doing a meatless dinner couple nights ago  
Oh by Toby 
No no I just walked in and they had like the eco reps and they're like would you like to commit to being vegan for th-dinner or like being going meatless for tonight  and I was like I don't really want to and they're like oh just do it to save the environment and I was like 
Which dinning hall were you at 
And I'm very bad at saying no to people 
Um Michelle hasthe same problem  
Yeah
Yeah I just like if someone like 
Wait does this hurt your ear sorry  
it should it doesn't
It's been bothering my ear  
maybe you have weird ears  
Oh  
I was told that when I got my cartilage piercing 
Um yea wait so which dining hall was it 
What day was de- what day did you go  
and then they guilt me into it 
Well what did you eat 
I ate pasta 
that's like healthy and good food I mean it's not at all healthy
Not really though
No it's not healthy I need like it's this is just carbs 
Yeah you-so you eat a salad 
Yeah but that's a lot of effort because then you have to like make it and and then like just like I wanted to feel to like scoop up 
the um 
And beef 
They make a vegetarian version that's just over on the side 
but it's tofu  it's weird  
Tofu's good I had really good tofu last time
It's not good I don't like tofu 
Oh well that's irrelevant  
Is there anything in tofu does it have any nutritional value  
Yeah no it's soy beans it's full of protein  
well yeah   
that's the whole point 
The more you know 
Why would you eat something that like has nothing in it  
I don't know you're vegetarian you're weird  
You do all kinds of weird things  
I do not
You don't eat  
you just eat vegetables  
And fish I'll eat fish  
Oh so you're a pescatarian 
Oh ok  
But people don't know what pescatarian means  
Who doesn't know what a pescatarian is 
And they're like oh what is that and they go do you eat chicken and I was like no I don't and so then I just say vegetarian and then tell people later 
So rude 
Yeah do you wanna hear something funny 
Um so you know how what happened to Michelle at Harvard 
She was talking to somebody on our floor today 
you're just a mess
Um she was talking to somebody on our floor oh you can't even hear me 
Wait I think you're 
Okay I can I can't help you but you're doing it wrong 
Should I just
It's it's supposed to like get hooked over your ear here
No 
Like that 
No I think it goes 
see how far it is  
It goes the other way  
No yeah mine must go the other way hold on 
Anyway so m-
This part goes like  
Like that 
Sure  
I keep feeling weird like like it's a video of me embarrassing myself 
This is kind of fine its but to you to at some point of that  
Well I can't hear you what 
Oh well I can't even hear and so it's not fair
Yeah Well that it was still funny  
Okay anyway somebody tried to set up with Michelle with somebody she already knew who she is like not at all into he's just like really 
Hummer
Um-ph 
Do we have the same this is so weird we have the same (0.4) 
this the 
this room is 
I think the room
No yep they're mirrors of each other  
I know it's just really weird they're like per- yeah the whole mirror thing it's weird 
Well the tree's aren't perfectly even 
Well they're not perfect but that's pretty close to perfect 
Okay
It's just very uncomfortable
Like it would b an art piece maybe  
It was not like a psychology study it's like an art piece⌉
So 
Um 
What else should we talk about 
Oh are you going out on Thursday night for halloween 
I told you we have my friend's surprise birthday party
Oh that is true that's true
They've actually like is it like a real party is it a French party 
I'm
yeah and then we're doing that but I don- I mean we'll probably do some I don't know I need to find a costume because my co-costumes are required for the for 
It's required just go as yourself go- no go as your brother 
You're so creative  
you were being uncreative today on the walk over  
What do you mean I was being uncreative  
I'm gonna buy random clothes and say I'm that guy from that movie you know
No it's not nobody's gonna get it 
I'll I'll think it's funny 
You shou-
There is somebody at my school and from high school she did like you know those paintings of like the pop art type of thing  like it's very angular drawings and there's like  
I'll show you a photo later butvshe like painted it on her face  
And it was actually very very cool and impressive
see I don't wanna do anything that requires effort 
Oh well that's your problem  
I just wanna buy clothes that match a costume  
Oh maybe you should wear the unicorn onesie 
Yeah I wonder who yeah it's actually a good idea I'll do that  
You're welcome Thursday night I think I'm gonna go out 
So that's gonna be a weird first impression to people that I don't know but 
It's a costume you can't go wrong on Halloween  
You really can't 
Cameron's frat is not having any open parties this weekend 
But can't you still go  
No cuz it's like he's not a 
he's a pledge so he doesn't have like control over it 
so I'll be going to like I think I'm gonna go to my first Tufts frat party 
Which is exciting  
we're gonna go to the theta delta chi one probably 
Theta delta chi 
I saw two that I was like saw on Facebook  
s-s 
I think it's like XL or something like that
it's like the howl at the moon 
maybe yeah
It's one of those  
Oh there's another one on Saturday now 
but I think I'd wanna do it cuz I hang out with Cameron cuz he has frat stuff 
Oh wait what did you I thought you just said
Cuz I have dinner 
But that's like a late dinner 
but I think Grace Megan Frankie Michelle and I we're all gonna do a group costume 
with the rainbow like we'd each be a color of the rainbow cuz there's like five of us  
It's very five year old but  
They didn't like that idea 
they all wanna go
They wanna go thrift shopping 
No there probably's one at Davis 
There's probably one at Davis  
Oh is that actually a good will store 
I thought it was just like a-another thrift store  
There's like three in Davis  
oh 
I didn't even know 
I figured out their colors 
and one that's cool 
so you don't like
You know the p- like not the point of thrift stores    
And there's one that's okay 
'll go cheap but Frankie really wanted to do hippies 
Cuz Frankie wants to buy a pair of bell bottom jeans 
I don't think I give off a hippie vibe (0.6) so 
Eh 
So we'll see it'll happen 
You could do that 
Another good idea was we could all go as animals because Megan really wanted to be (0.5) umm a lobster with her boyfriend but he's going home
Wait it- okay  
Megan's
The- I know 
so it's like oh let's all be animals cuz I have like a good dog outfit and Megan could be her lobster and someone was like oh yeah 
and they're like wait Megan's like I can't be a lobster cuz you'll all be like normal animals 
No tha- lobster's cool  
Yeah and then my idea got shot out the window
she should be a lobster 
Well that was a shame  
someone told me I should be a seagull 
what would you do 
I really like that idea
who said that  
DJ that's really creative on DJ's part 
Oh I saw him on Friday night
and he was just walking around it's like hi dj 
it's like the like like the nicest little wave possible he was like  
He's such a 
he's he got ordained as a minister 
I   
And married me and this other guy at breakfast 
it was happening 
and then he's like 
well I didn't sign anything like 
I don't think you have 
do you have to sign you do
not actually a thing  
Next time run into DJ 
Can you just sign this for me like I need your signature 
and he's gonna 
Uh  
How did DJ get ordained  
just do it online 
he just like put in his name  
But it has like it could be fake⌉
It has to be fake  
Do you know that happened in ho- oh you should be the guy from how I met your mother  
Barnie  
No Jason Segal 
Marshall you should be Marshall 
Oh I thought you talking bout he was the one who got ordained and I think  
Actually
No he did yeah that's also why I was thinking about it 
or you could be um Ted you look like a Ted 
Is that a compliment or an insult 
You just have brown hair so  
You're not as tall as Marshall 
Fair yeah 
But it's I think a seagull's really creative 
Well so you're just making fun of my nose 
and then you'll need to wear white
you could wear duck boots so it's like duck  
I don't have duck boots 
Oh I would give you mine but you- the probably don't fit 
Maybe I don't know 
I'm sure one of your fr-friends does 
Um
It's four ten I don't know how long we've been here 
I should've checked that 
I thought we're getting light refreshments  
Oh I know at the the one thing it said hot refreshments 
And then there's snacks in the other room 
it also does really good pen 
so you should take the the pen case 
Do we get them  
they're really have pens 
and they have a store for them in Boston  
You have pens for your birthday
No but they're really nice pens 
they're point five um 
Like thickness and the they're high quality 
So ten out of ten would recommend 
I didn't realize it was possible to get this excited about pens  
No I reall- I'm particular about my pens I like my point three eight gel pens  
No I don't 
I- What do you mean I have a weird thing for mechanical
You like mechanical pencils
what kind of mechanical pencils
Oo somebody sounds agressive and something's recording you  
Yeah  
Have you seen Lauren recently or you don't wanna talk about that 
but let's not talk about it 
Do you think I can go to the bathroom 
No
I should probably wait 
how many credits do you have now 
that was really uncomfortable
And then this little beat that was like 
And so this will be three and a half
I'm at three now I think  
So I'm ahead of you 
I have to I-I  I can't believe you're ahead of me in everything  
I also finish the mastering chem last night 
I'll I'll just have to do well on the test I guess 
I've already feels like
exam 
I'm like really ahead of 
But I do need to do my essay for my EM1 class 
I've emailed the teacher three times about putting the assignment file like that guidelines 
and he did post it  
And it's not there I've emailed him three times 
That's very aggressive 
The first time he's like oh it's there like check 
and the second time I was like no it's not sorry
he's like have you tried looking under this 
I don't think that's it why would he have malicious ⌈intentions⌉
videos of us skiing 
and like post it for training and stuff 
but I was like watching them
in the background and stuff  
And I was just 
videos of me falling 
found a f-unny video of one of my friends falling 
I've seen your videos of you falling 
Did I show you the video of my friend Sadie falling  
No is Sadie 
I've heard her name before she's like your best girlfriend 
One of yeah she's one of my best friends 
What's the super G 
It goes slalom g- giant slalom super giant slalom which is super G. 
so slaloms 
slalom is like quick turns  
I've heard of the bumps
No that's not racing
Mot- modals mo-mo-move  
Mo-⌋oh my god moguls  
Moguls 
But that's not in racing  
Oh  
so like slalom is like quick turns  
Giant slalom is like  
Are the slaloms the things with the polls  
Yeah where you like hit them  
And then giant slalom
Oh you're supposed to hit them  
No I mean you don't have to you're allowed to  
And then giant slalom's like normal turns 
that's all po- really that seems really dangerous  
Yeah well my first race I was so scared 
my fr- and 
he was like a all American skiier 
you want to try to impress him  
yeah this is kind of a tame course I think 
I was like trying to pretend to like⌉
Yeah so I was like oh cool                                                                                                         
And inside I was like like out oh my god 
but anyways 
my fr- Sadie like 
Wait was it like a thing where she texs- collecs- 
where she collects snow as she goes and it's like a snowball 
the car ad 
the car's like zipping up the mountain and the snow starts going and it's like misses it every time
like little snowballing 
That doesn't actually happen in real life  
No it did in the ad and the ad looked real  
Yeah in the ad 
It does it could happen
You're fr- how you're from is there not snow in DC  
It gets so warm and then it gets slushy and gross 
I'm s-serious like during we're gonna go skiing 
Oh I don't know about that  
We're gonna go skiing
Maybe I'll go skating that seems more fun
than you'll come skiing with me 
I don't even know where I go skiing 
and it sounds so expensive to rent all the things
Not I'll just give you stuff  
Ho- you have it with you 
Well at my house  
Oh
I have't brought anything yet 
Where will you put in your room  
Just in the closet I don't know 
I had like for racing you have to buy like so much equipment 
Do you get stuff from tuftsware   
But are there like 
so there's like sports jerseys 
do you have like that for skiing  
You wear a race suit you get a bib but that's set  that's indivi- that's  
You don't keep that 
I did get to keep their some races
No there's some races where they let you keep the that 
where the bib looks like a tuxedo 
That's really cute that's  
that was fun 	 (0.9) that was yeah that was a fu- 
I just wanna go skiing right now 
I've been very antsy  
About skiing 
 
